[DO NOT MERGE]  Dev Get Start Content Experiment (#4292)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/excel-add-ins-overview-experiment.md

![Add-in dialog box in Excel.](../images/excel-add-in-dialog-choose-number.png)

For more information about dialog boxes and the Dialog API, see [Use the Dialog API in your Office Add-ins](../develop/dialog-api-in-office-add-ins.md).

### Content add-ins

Content add-ins are surfaces that you can embed directly into Excel documents. You can use content add-ins to embed rich, web-based objects such as charts, data visualizations, or media into a worksheet or to give users access to interface controls that run code to modify the Excel document or display data from a data source. Use content add-ins when you want to embed functionality directly into the document.

![Content add-in in Excel.](../images/excel-add-in-content-map.png)

For more information about content add-ins, see [Content Office Add-ins](../design/content-add-ins.md). For a sample that implements a content add-in in Excel, see [Excel Content Add-in Humongous Insurance](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Excel-Content-Add-in-Humongous-Insurance) in GitHub.

## JavaScript APIs to interact with workbook content

[!include[The roles of the Common and application-specific APIs](../includes/excel-api-models.md)]

## Next steps

> Discover practical add-in use cases and learn through hands-on scenario samples: [[Excel] Mail Merge](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Excel-Scenario-based-Add-in-Samples/tree/main/Mail-Merge-Sample-Add-in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ready to enhance your productivity using Excel add-ins? Discover how to [extract contact data from an Excel spreadsheet to easily perform a mail merge](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Excel-Scenario-based-Add-in-Samples/tree/main/Mail-Merge-Sample-Add-in).
```

> You can also start by following a step-by-step guidance [creating your first Excel add-in](../quickstarts/excel-quickstart-jquery.md). Then, learn about the [core concepts](excel-add-ins-core-concepts.md) of building Excel add-ins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're ready to explore creating your own solution, [build your first Excel add-in](../quickstarts/excel-quickstart-jquery.md). Then, learn more about [core concepts](excel-add-ins-core-concepts.md) to further extend the functionality of your add-in.
```
